Add `Zebra-Collaboration.md`: CI & revision mgmt practices wrt upstream. (#47)
ShieldedLabs/crosslink-deployment: Zebra-Collaboration.md

# Zebra Collaboration

> In order to successfully deploy a protocol upgrade to Zcash with Crosslink many things have to come together. From the perspective of the Shielded Labs engineering team, (TODO: insert intro text here).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to successfully deploy a protocol upgrade to Zcash with Crosslink many things have to come together. From the perspective of the Shielded Labs engineering team, we would like to:

- Maintain a "doubly-forked" version of Zebra, with an organization fork and a fork for staging changes to upstream
- Massively scale back CI to just crosslink and crosslink-adjacent work, and regression tests.
- Maintain a predictable schedule of pulling changes from upstream (front-porting) and creating draft PRs to run the full battery of official Zebra tests.
```
